7/12-7/18
Brainstorming: We are brainstorming of deploying a flask app/node.js react app that could easily be containerized into a customer docker image onto Docker Hub. This containerized application could be registered onto the Elastic Container Registry, and brought into AWS technologies and services to be fully managed, orchestrated, and deployed by using an ECS Cluster from a CloudFormation template leveraging cost effective strategies.
	
7/19-7/25 
We had found a calculator react app with simple code that could be deployed with AWS Amplify. Amplify is an AWS service that offers a fully managed service for deploying and hosting fullstack web applications. It helps automate CI/CD deployments from popular supported web frameworks, such as Java Script, React, and Angular apps.     
                                                                                                                                                                                   This week we ran into roadblocks deploying the calculator react app due to our inability to sort of the dependencies for yarn vs npm commands. Since this presented more complications than we intended, and we wanted to steer clear of focusing on the code portion of our application, we ended up pivoting to another react app that had more consistent dependencies we could work with throughout our build process (ex: npm and not yarn). Originally we were unable to see the locally deployed calculator app onto Amplify. We were only able to Clicking on each of the stages of the automated deployment for this application on Amplify gave clues as to which logs pointed to failures within the automated build/deploy process.
																						   
7/25-7/29
Since now our calculator app is successfully deployed on the static URL hosted by Amplify (https://master.d3nfu5srh82rlg.amplifyapp.com/), we wanted to see if it would be possible to change a line or two of code within the index.css, re-build using npm, and commit those changes to Arjun's master branch to then trigger the automatic build/deploy pipeline on Amplify. We changed the code portion for when the cursor is hovering over the = sign, by changing the hexadecimal 6 digit string to #fcc0cb (PINK) or #5591ff (INVERTED).

We also were able to add CloudTrails to log some of our Amplify activity, and also thought ahead to see what else would add to this in the future state architecture, if we were to improve on this infrastructure. We added this content to our final presentation, and were able to finalize the presentation in full before the deadline. 

Excited to present and demonstrate our project in class!!
